Pardon me?
You can't joke about this kind of thing in Beijing
I'm not kidding.
I went to his house to play the other day.
I saw pictures of him as a child.
Even the clothes are shaped like the shape inside.
Same clothes
Are you sure very sure
I took it with my cell phone.
Sister Gao, wait a minute
I'll look for it first
Cousin, can you see if this is the same person?
Hey, it's him, it's really him
There's nowhere to find his broken iron shoes
It's all hard work.
Then I will find my biological daughter for Mr. Zhou
And that's a huge achievement.
No way.
I have to go to the hospital and tell him the good news.
Hello Aunt Liu
I am one by one
My mom's in the hospital. She needs 150,000
So I want to find you
Hello
Hello fourth aunt
I am one by one
That my mom needs
150,000 hospitalization. My mom's hospitalization needs 150,000
Uncle Zhang? Village Chief
I am one by one.
My mom is in the hospital. What books do you need?
100,000 Oh
Forget it.
Hey
Manager Hu, is this bottle smashing grass?
Hit a mid-term position.
What are you doing here?
Let's take a look at your mother
This one is pale.
If you don't have surgery soon
I'm afraid it won't be a few days.
You all get out
All of you out
Don't worry.
I heard that your mother's surgery costs 150,000
That's a lot of money.
Mom's almost caught up with my monthly allowance.
Can you take it out?